Some of the tools and techniques that worked well for our group was the fact that by using the React Framework, we had access to a massive collection of Libraries and tools that we could integrate into our product. We were able to use many tools such as buttons, check boxes and even sliders without needing to code our own objects which greatly speed up development. We also the Agile development method. By conforming to this development method, we were able to efficiently plan and integrate parts of the project independently without any fear of conflicts and fix any issues that appeared as we developed our application. This made use of the many varied capabilities that react has to offer go smoothly after some trial and error. A third tool that worked great for us is the used Discord as our primary means of communication without meeting, which allowed each member instant and 24-hour communication with other group members so that we could find and resolve conflicts and issues in our group.

One thing that did not work out very well for us was that we overestimated the amount of work that was needed for the back end. One of our members who was originally assigned to backend development asked to be given work on the front end as in his words, “there’s not really much to do after creating the endpoint.” Another thing that did not work out very well for the group was that the front-end team spent a lot of their development time reading documentation and learning the niches of React. Since none of us except Bilal, had used React Native before, the front-end team spent a good deal of time getting used to the syntax and capabilities of React. As such much of our development time was spent learning how to use React which delayed the project a bit. One final thing that didn’t work as well as we intended was that we needed to use external tools to aid us in debugging code. In order for the front-end team to test their changes, they needed a way to view the application. This led them to install a third party android emulator in order to see the changes they made to the app

If we were given the opportunity to continue working on this project as a team, we as a group would continue with our current team distribution, that is Julian, Carlos, Yiming and Lintao on the front end, Bilal, Borui and Albert on the back end, with Borui helping out on the front end from time to time. We would continue to develop the app this time focusing on creating itineraries based off previously created ones and synchronizing the itinerary to the phone calendar. If there was any time left over, we would then focus on including Facebook or google logins so users can easily log in and share their trips with their friends. 
